Biography
Jane Austen was born on December 16, 1775 in the town of Steventon, Hampshire.
Her father, George Austin, was a parish priest. He came from an old Kentish family
, was an enlightened and educated man. His wife, Cassandra Lee, also belonged to
an ancient but impoverished family. In addition to Jane, there were six boys and
one girl (Cassandra) in the family. Jane Austen was the penultimate child.
Despite the high infant mortality rate in those years, all of them survived.
The elder brother, James (1765-1819), had a penchant for literary pursuits:
He wrote poetry and prose, but followed in his father's footsteps.
The family preferred not to talk about the second brother, George (1766-1838):
he was mentally disabled, he never learned to speak. Jane studied the alphabet
of the dumb for him. The third brother, Edward (1767-1852), was adopted by
rich childless relatives of the Austin Knights, which opened up wide
opportunities for him — he moved from the gentry to the nobility.
Jane Austen's fourth, beloved brother, Henry Thomas (1771-1850),
had the brightest and most romantic fate. A man who is passionate and not very
practical, he has tried many professions in his lifetime: he served in the army,
was a banker, initially succeeded, but then went bankrupt, took orders. He was
married to Elise de Feyd, the widow of a French nobleman who ended his days on
the guillotine. Eliza had a lot of influence on Jane. It was to Eliza that he
owed his good knowledge of the French language and French authors: La
Rochefoucauld, Montaigne, Labruyer, as well as his love of the theater.
Two other brothers, Francis William and Charles John, were military sailors,
and rose to the rank of admiral. But Jane had a special friendship with her
sister Cassandra. She shared all her plans with her and let her in on her secrets.
 Cassandra, of course, knew the name of the man to whom Jane Austen was faithful,
 and Jane died in Cassandra's arms. Cassandra, like her sister, never got married.
  Her chosen one, the young priest Thomas Fowle, died of yellow fever in the
  West Indies, where he went in the hope of earning money for the upcoming
  wedding.